Docs: update app gallery (#167)
meggsimum/wegue: docs/gallery.md

A list of existing Wegue projects.

---

## [Time-Travel through Rhineland-Palatinate](https://apps.meggsimum.de/wegue-demos/rlp-historische-tk/?year=1960)

> This demo shows how to interact with time-dependent geodata. It visualizes topographic maps of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany from 1885 until 2020. The data is provided by [Landesamt für Vermessung und Geobasisinformation

Reviewer: Maybe better `from 1885 to 2020`?

Author: I think both `to` and  `until` is  possible

Author: At least that's  what I could quickly find in the internet. That's why I would keep it.

> Rheinland-Pfalz (LVermGeo)](https://lvermgeo.rlp.de/de/startseite/) as a time enabled Web Map Service (WMS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rheinland-Pfalz (LVermGeo)](https://lvermgeo.rlp.de/de/startseite/) as a time enabled Web Map Service (WMS-Time).
```

![screenshot time travel](_media/screenshot_time_travel.jpg)

---

## [German Wine Route](https://apps.meggsimum.de/weinstrassenreise/#!/)

This applications shows the locations of the [German Wine Route ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_Wine_Route). By clicking a location a sidebar appears with information queried from the Wikipedia API. 

![screenshot wine route](_media/screenshot_wine_route.jpg)

---

## [Countries of the World](https://apps.meggsimum.de/wegue-demos/global/)

[Source Code](https://github.com/meggsimum/wegue-demos)

> A proof of concept how to include data from a global scale. It displays cities, countries and timezones. By clicking a on a location some information will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A proof of concept how to include data from a global scale. It displays cities, countries and time zones. By clicking on a location on the map detail information will be shown.
```

![screenshot countries of the world](_media/screenshot_global.jpg)

---

## [Architect Oeds de Leeuw Wieland](https://bevinggevoeld.nl/oeds/groot/)

> A webapplication for exploring the work of the Dutch architect Oeds de Leeuw Wieland. A click on a map icon opens a detailed information card with both data and images. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web application for exploring the work of the Dutch architect Oeds de Leeuw Wieland. By clicking on a map icon a card with detailed information is opened showing both data and images. 
```

![screenshot architect](_media/screenshot_bevinggevoeld.jpg)

---

## [Rain and Flood Hazard Map](https://www.starkregengefahr.de/baden-wuerttemberg/glems/)

> An application showing urban flooding events for different regions depending on various environmental scenarios. It is embeded in a Wordpress page und makes use of the `appCtx` parameter in the URL for instantly navigating to the desired region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application showing urban flooding events for different regions depending on various environmental scenarios. It is embeded in a Wordpress page and makes use of the `appCtx` parameter in the URL for instantly navigating to the desired region.
```

![screenshot rain and flood hazard](_media/screenshot_starkregengefahr.jpg)

---

## [Traffic Analytics - Geomer Here](https://apps.meggsimum.de/geomer-here/)

> This application visualises time-dependent traffic data from "here". It makes use of a separate time-slider component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application visualizes time-dependent traffic data from "here". It makes use of a separate time-slider component. The traffic data is loaded as vector tiles.
```

![screenshot traffic analysis](_media/screenshot_geomer_here.jpg)

---

## [SAUBER Study Regions](https://sauber-projekt.de/de/home/pilotregionen/)

This example shows how very basic maps can quickly be generated using Wegue. It shows the outlines of two regions combined with some metadata. Maps like this can be made without any coding. 

![screenshot sauber study regions](_media/screenshot_sauber.jpg)

---

## [Heron](https://wegue.heron-mc.org/)

> This map displays windmills in the Netherlands. By clicking on a windmill location a sidebar with additional information and a picture opens up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This webmap displays windmills in the Netherlands. By clicking on a windmill location a sidebar with additional information and a picture opens up. The application shows how Wegue can be used as a next generation client for [Heron](https://heron-mc.org/) 
```

![screenshot windmills](_media/screenshot_heron.jpg)

---

## [Nature Park "Lüneburger Heide"](https://map.naturpark-lueneburger-heide.de/)

> This website shows a classic Web-GIS application. The user can choose from a variety of different layers from the layer tree. Additional many common functionalities like measure tools, PDF-export, GeoCoding and data download are implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website shows a classic Web-GIS application. The user can choose from a variety of different layers listed in a layer tree. Additional many common functionalities like measure tools, PDF-export, GeoCoding and data download are implemented.
```
